Document supervisor's new /auth/list endpoint (#2085)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/supervisor/models.md

| ---------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| type       | string  | Type of error that occurred                    |
| message    | string  | Human-readable description of what went wrong  |

## User

| key        | type    | description                                                   |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| username   | string  | Username used to login                                        |
| name       | string  | Name of the user                                              |
| is_owner   | boolean | Is the user the owner                                         |
| is_active  | boolean | Is the user active                                            |

> | local_only | boolean | Can the user login outside the LAN                            |

Reviewer: It seems that local_only really means localhost only (see https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/2024.3.0b3/homeassistant/components/http/auth.py#L92-L93). So:

```suggestion
| local_only | boolean | Can the user login from the network (e.g. via http)           |
```
